Which data sources you have been used in Power BI?
▶️ What is direct query & import query and it's diff?
▶️ Can we create calculated column in direct query?
▶️ What are all transformations you have done in power query?
▶️ What is fuzzy join?
▶️ What are types of joins in Power BI and what is the join by default?
▶️ What is live connection?
▶️ What is SELECTEDVALUE DAX function and at which scenario need to use this function?
▶️ What is ISINSCOPE DAX function?
▶️ How many workspaces are available for the project you are working?
▶️ How do you refresh dashboards?
▶️ Bookmarks have you used?
▶️ What is the difference between calculated column & calculated measure?
▶️ SUM and SUMX can you explain at which scenario we can use?
▶️ What is ALLSELECTED DAX function?
▶️ What is the Power BI Premium & Pro license features?
▶️ Which version you have used in your project?
▶️ What are data flows in Power BI?
▶️ What are PowerApps and did you developed any canvas Power App?
▶️ Can you implement Power App in Power BI desktop?
▶️ What are deployment pipelines in Power BI service?
▶️ Workspaces how you have been created?
▶️ How have you been following the versions?
▶️ What will be default joins when we merge two tables?
▶️ If there is any string difference when we merge then can we go for fuzzy join?
▶️ What are analytical functions in SQL?
▶️ How will you find last employee hired in the company by using lead and lag function?
▶️ What is UNION and UNION ALL and when to use which function?
▶️ Can you explain Rank, Dense rank and Row num?
▶️ Write a query to get the 2nd highest salary?
▶️ What is Pivot and Unpivot in power query?
▶️ What is Live connection & direct query connectivity mode and it's difference?
▶️ Which schema you have used
in a matrix visual?
▶️ I'm having APAC,EMEA, and INDIA. So I need to show average sales for each region and in total I need to show total sum of sales. Can you write a measure?
▶️ What is SUMMARIZE DAX function?
▶️ What is FILTER DAX function in Power BI?
▶️ How will you find duplicates in SQL?
▶️ What is custom query and SQL query?
▶️ Why have you used custom query?
▶️ What are challenges you faced in your project?
▶️Did you implemented RLS in Power BI?
▶️ How will you do incremental refresh?
▶️ Have you used custom visual?
▶️ How will you convince customer to use custom visual?
▶️ What are joins in SQL and explain use case?
▶️ How do you handle many to many relationships between 2 tables?
▶️ If we want to know current to last year sales how will you write a measure?